Migrate from Alpine based image to Debian for python related images (#250)
ekino/docker-buildbox: README.md

      volume: ... # docker volume if needed, format: localdir:/path/to/mount
      cmd: [...]  # shell commands run to be sure tools are well installed
    build_args: [...]  # If ARG are defined in Dockerfile
    template_vars:  # If templated Dockerfile

>       VERSION: # If multiple image with different based image version is created

Reviewer: This is not really mandatory I think : any image is very much free to name its own variables. Unless we decide to find a generic name for the version of the base image of course.

Reviewer: IMHO `If the templated Dockerfile describes multiple images with different base images` is a bit better

Author: The comment about `VERSION` will be deleted, it was used when I wanted to build multiple image with different base version (python 3.6, 3.7 for the same tool version)

**Volume mounting** for test configuration only need the directory name as full local path is build by the script.

> **Templating** is used ONLY for based image version, for library version please prefer build args. Base image version(s) should be define in a variable named `VERSION`.

Reviewer: Enforcing best practices is always a good idea :+1:.

WDYT about :
```suggestion
**Templating** must **ONLY** be used for images with multiple base image versions. For any other variables used in a Dockerfile, prefer build args. Base image version(s) should be defined in a variable named `VERSION`.
```
With the last part removed if we don't enforce variables names ?

Author: Updated 👍
